Detail encryption quirks (#1285)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

`Digest` may expose information details of encrypted payload when the checksum
is computed on the unencrypted data.
An example of that is the use of the "id-sha-256" digest-algorithm
in conjunction with the encrypted content-coding {{?RFC8188}}.

The representation-data-digest of an encrypted payload can change between different messages

> depending on the encryption algorithm used: in those cases its value could not be used to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depending on the encryption algorithm used; in those cases its value could not be used to provide
```

> a proof of integrity "at rest" unless the whole (eg. encoded) payload body is persisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a proof of integrity "at rest" unless the whole (e.g. encoded) payload body is persisted.
```
